# Restaurant-Manager
I created both customer and reservation models while forming a relationship with each other. The project would let useers input customer info and reserve a table for that customer. The customer would be required to include his name, email, and phone number and then book his reservation to the specified table. I updated the customer model to limit the number of charaters of the name from 1 to 50 because I think its a reasonable range to use. I also added a space in the PhoneNumber property to display Phone Number and made sure users will input a valid number. After creating a customer, the user can then create a reservation and input the customers id, along with the time the customer will arrive, the number of guests that will reserve the table, and any special requests if neccessary. I updated the reservation model by adding a custom attribute to limit users to input a reservation time only from the future since it wouldnt make sence to reserve a date in the past. I've limited the number of guests a reservation can take to 100 and allowed special requests to be nullable so adding requests would only be optional. At first, I thought of changing the reservation views so the user can have a drop down of customer names rather than ids when creating, but I then considered how inefficient it would be since there could be two customers with the same name. I also displayed speces in ReservationTime, NumberOfGuests, and SpecialRequests for readability. The only change I made was informing users that special requests are optional using the display attribute. I then added and updated the datebase, then seeded both databases to reflect the two models.
